Update KSP docs (#2825)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/ksp/ksp-faq.md

* Improve performance. There are a bunch of optimizations to be done!
* Keep fixing bugs.

> Please feel free to reach out to us in the **#ksp** channel on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please feel free to reach out to us in the [#ksp channel in Kotlin Slack](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/archives/C013BA8EQSE)
```

> [Kotlin Slack workspace](https://kotlinlang.slack.com/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
([get an invite](https://surveys.jetbrains.com/s3/kotlin-slack-sign-up)) 
```
